Update security consideration for changed routing (#54)
safe-global/safe-core-protocol-specs: modules/README.md

}
```

In the default signature validation flow, the wallet is expected to generate a hash of the message i.e., `messageHash` for signing and submit it for validation as follows:

```
    ACCOUNT_MSG_TYPEHASH = keccak256("SafeMessage(bytes message)");
    DOMAIN_SEPARATOR_TYPEHASH = keccak256(EIP712Domain(uint256 chainId,address verifyingContract));

    domainSeparator = keccak256(DOMAIN_SEPARATOR_TYPEHASH || chainId || accountAddress);
    dataHash = keccak256("encoded-bytes-data-to-be-signed");

    hashStruct = keccak256(DOMAIN_SEPARATOR_TYPEHASH || dataHash);
    messageHash = keccak256(0x19 || 0x01 || domainSeparator || dataHash);

>     signatures = generateSignaturesUsingWallet(messageHash);

Reviewer: would opt for more conventional names when mentioning undefined functions (e.g., `sign`)

>     result = await account.isValidSignature.staticCall(dataHash, signatures);

Reviewer: Since this is not a proper javascript code I'd remove the `await` and `.staticCall`

```

> In the above code, account's domain separator is included in the message whose hash is signed. By doing so, the account only approves relevant signatures and not any other arbitrary signed messages. The domain separator is expected to be creating using account address, and chainId to avoid cross-chain replay attacks. The actual value domain separator depends on the account implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above code, the account's domain separator is included in the message whose hash is signed. By doing so, the account only approves relevant signatures and not any other arbitrary signed messages. The domain separator is expected to include the account address and chainId to avoid cross-chain replay attacks. The actual value domain separator depends on the account implementation.
```

### Security considerations

> A malicious actor can change the routing of signature validation flow by adding/removing the 4 bytes of signature selector. Under such cases the signature validation should fail and revert the transaction.
> 
> Suppose, a malicious actor removes the 4 bytes of signature selector from a payload meant for domain specific validation flow, submits the modified payload for validation such that validator manager uses default signature validation flow. In such case, as the account expects `messageHash` to be generated by including domain separator defined by the signature validator manager, the account is expected to revert the call as hash used for signing is different from hash used for recovery.
> 
> Similarly, if a malicious actor adds 4 bytes of signature selector to a payload meant for default signature validation flow, submits the modified payload for validation such that validator manager uses domain specific signature validation flow. Even if permitted by the registry and account has set a signature validator that matches signature validator's domain separator, the validation would only pass on approval of signature validator contract. So here, the flow is secure as long as the signature validator contract is not malicious.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A malicious actor can change the routing of the signature validation flow by adding/removing the 4 bytes of the signature selector. Under such cases, the signature validation should fail and revert the transaction.

Suppose a malicious actor removes the 4 bytes of the signature selector from a payload meant for domain-specific validation flow and submits the modified payload for validation such that the validator manager uses default signature validation flow. In such a case, as the account expects `messageHash` to be generated by including the domain separator defined by the signature validator manager, the account is expected to revert the call as the hash used for signing differs from the hash used for recovery.

Similarly, if a malicious actor adds 4 bytes of the signature selector to a payload meant for default signature validation flow, submits the modified payload for validation such that the validator manager uses domain-specific signature validation flow. Even if permitted by the registry and the account has set a signature validator that matches the signature validator's domain separator, the validation would only pass on approval of the signature validator contract. So here, the flow is secure as long as the signature validator contract is not malicious.
```

Sorry, not trying to be picky but IMO for the specs we have to be perfect 💅

Reviewer: And can't recommend https://grammarly.com/ enough (great use of the software budget)
